Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International Public License

Terms and Conditions for Use, Reproduction, Distribution, Display, and Performance 
of this Recipe Collection

1. Definitions
The licenses granted in this public license agreement (the "License") for the 
protected Recipe Collection (as defined below) are the exclusive rights granted 
under copyright law, and these rights include, but are not limited to the right to 
reproduce, distribute, display, and perform the protected Recipe Collection of the 
work (as such terms are defined in copyright law).

2. Fair Use Rights
Nothing in this license is intended to reduce, limit, or restrict any uses free from
copyright or rights arising from limitations or exceptions that are provided for in 
copyright laws around the world.

3. License Grant
Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, we hereby grant you a 
worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual (for the duration of the 
applicable copyright) license to exercise the rights below:

a. Reproduce the protected Recipe Collection in any reasonable manner, including for
personal, educational, research, or study purposes. The recipient shall make a 
reasonable effort to maintain the integrity of the work, and accurately reproduce 
the key attributions of the original Recipe Collection, as well as the title, author
name(s), date, edition number, and copyright notice of the original Recipe 
Collection.
b. Distribute copies or adaptations of the protected Recipe Collection, provided 
that each copy or adaptation recognizes the author's rights and also carries all of 
the other licensing terms for this Recipe Collection. You may choose to offer or 
impose conditions on recipients, for example access limitations, but you cannot 
restrict their right to further reproduce, distribute, display, and perform the 
Recipe Collection as per the license terms.
c. Perform publicly the protected Recipe Collection in any medium or format (for 
example, recitation, dramatization, public display), subject to the condition that 
such performance freely available to the public of all types.
d. Adapt or modify the protected Recipe Collection, subject to the following 
conditions:
   i. The recipient shall not falsely claim authorship or ownership of the adapted 
works; and
   ii. The recipient shall include a notice with each copy or adaptation of the work
stating that the work has been adapted, and including the name(s) of its adapter(s) 
and the date of the adaptation. The licensee may add additional attribution 
statements as long as they do not contradict or detract from this Notice.
   iii. If the recipient creates a translation of the Recipe Collection, it must be 
identified as such and include the original text in both the source and target 
languages.
4. Attribution
You must provide clear attribution to the author(s) of the original Recipe 
Collection by including the following notice (or an equivalent) with each copy or 
adaptation of the work: "Recipe Collection Title [if provided] by Author Name[s], CC
BY-SA 4.0."
5. ShareAlike
If you adapt, transform, or build upon this work, you may distribute the resulting 
works only under a license identical to this License (CC BY-SA 4.0), and you must 
include a copy of, or the URL where the License text may be found."

Additionally, include a disclaimer similar to the one mentioned before:

"The author is not responsible for any errors or omissions in these recipes. The 
user assumes the entire risk of preparing any recipe from this collection and agrees
to indemnify and hold the author harmless from any claims, damages or liability 
arising from or relating to the use or misuse of these recipes.
